# Main classes
| File | Description |
--- | --- | 
Graph.py | Creates a Graph as interconnected nodes. Defines the most basic node (`SimpleNode`). <br/> Also contains plotting method.
GraphFactory.py | Creates various types of graphs. The main ones are Erdos-Reinyi (binomial graph), Barabas-Albert (preferential attachment) and KarateClub (real data). 
Epidemic.py | Defines a class `SEIR_node` inhereting from `Graph.SimpleNode`, adding states to nodes (`SUSCEPTIBLE`, `EXPOSED`, `INFECTED`, `RECOVERED`) and a basic Markovian evolution (`SEIR_node.step` method).
Genetic.py | `GeneticNode` inherits from `SEIR_node`, and adds the two *actions* that nodes can do: **isolate** and **reconnect**. Defines also a class `Simulation` providing the interface with the NEAT algorithm, allowing actions to be chosen by RNNs obtained from evolution.

To use the full algorithm, just run `Genetic.py`. It will read the configuration from `config_neat` and `parameters.txt`, generate a graph and evolve a RNN trying to contain an epidemic. The output is written to three files (through `pickle`):
- `NeatConfig`: stores the config used by NEAT
- `WinnerParams`: the final genome of the RNN found by NEAT
- `OriginalGraph`: the graph created during training

The first two are necessary to reconstruct the RNN, which can then be tested on different graphs (even with different epidemic parameters) through `ShowResult.py`.

All the other files (`Graph.py`, `Epidemic.py`, `GraphFactory.py`) can be run by themselves, and will just print a simple example of what they do.

# Auxiliary Files
| File | Description |
--- | ---
GeneticTest.py | Interactively tests the logic of the **isolate** and **reconnect** actions on a simple graph.
NeatTest.py | Evolve a RNNs to contain an epidemic on a very simple graph (for which it's easy to know the best solution possible).
pyqtreporter.py | Adds visualization of fitness/species as a live plot when the NEAT algorithm is running.
ShowResult.py | Loads the files generated by `Genetic.py` and evaluates the RNN on a new graph (eventually with different size/parameters, to test generalization). Also produces plots.
visualize.py | Functions for visualizations/plots for NEAT results

# Config Files
| File | Description |
--- | ---
config_neat | All parameters concerning the genetic algorithm (NEAT)
parameters.txt | Parameters for the epidemic evolution, fitness computation, training (type of graph, iterations, etc.). 
